#All maps and knowledge of circumnavigation were lost during the cataclysm. It is unknown how many continents the world has, nor what its seas and oceans are like. Communities of sentient beings only know the area in which they live and its surroundings at most. Cartography is barely relevant in the new era.

##Bone Deserts: These are ancient mass graves used to dump hundreds of thousands of corpses during the cataclysm. Eventually, due to the erosion of time, the bones turned to dust and are now vast expanses of dunes made of calcium dust. They sometimes suffer from bone dust storms. They have cursed areas where restless souls have swirled in a rift in reality that connects the earthly plane with the Regnum Tenebrorum and its twisted dangers.

##Ash Expanses: Ancient forests, jungles, or lush areas, reduced to gray ash plains due to the powerful magical bombardment suffered in the war, have areas that are impact craters from apocalyptic spells whose magical residue has corrupted the fauna of those craters, turning them into eldritch aberrations of immeasurable danger and power.

##Black Crystal Forests: These are immense, almost unrecognizable ruins of ancient, enormous cities. While most cities have become lava lakes from which lava flows, the few that remain have suffered so many magical attacks during the cataclysm that they are uninhabitable, and any creature that approaches them will die instantly or mutate into a grotesc feral predator due to the magical residue from the incredibly strong attacks these cities received from the gods.

##Molten Memorials: Ancient cities turned into lakes of lava, there is only obsidian ruins around some of those lakes.

##Deep Brine: Once seas and oceans, they are now large bodies of water corrupted with magical residues and energy from the Regnum Tenebrorum, their waters are toxic, sometimes even acidic, storms of unprecedented power often lash these twisted waters, sometimes typhoons of disproportionate force lash coastal areas, is very difficult to find edible fauna in those waters and when found, it is often deformed, corrupted or even dangerous.

##Squalid Rivers (and their basins): are the only freshwater rivers whose flow did not completely dry up after the cataclysm, although they have a very small flow, they are currently the only consistent source of hydration on the surface of the world, they are also the only place where non-corrupted fish live that can be fished and consumed easily, they are highly coveted and disputed territories by the sapient races, since it is not only access to a resource as scarce as water or food, but their basins have small, slightly fertile areas where agriculture is possible and thus ensures a greater supply of food, it is very difficult to maintain clans, tribes or proto-kingdoms if they do not have at least a fragment of this type of territory.
