#Goblins: After the cataclysm, they are the most numerous race. They survived the Black Century by stealing and scavenging corpses. They became a greedy, brutally treacherous race accustomed to cannibalizing their own kind. Despite only measuring one meter in average height, goblins evolved to have sharp teeth capable of tearing off an arm or leg of any creature. They barely retain a coherent language; they organize themselves into clans of thieves.

#Merfolk, now Abyssalfolk: After the cataclysm, the seas became toxic and plagued by storms and magically mutated fauna. The merfolk also mutated due to the remnants of divine magic and transformed into abyssalfolk, a larger, stronger, more resilient, and feral version of their former selves. Now with grey scales covering their bodies, they average a stature of 3 and a half meters tall. They have devolved to the point of losing their intelligence and are mostly beasts that hunt in packs and sometimes raid the coasts in search of prey to devour.

#Orks, now Greenmaws: After the cataclysm, they were nearly destroyed, but orcish nature is extremely resilient, and the few that survived evolved after the immense war and subsequent violence. They grew in size and strength. They also became more savage, but they maintained their tribal structure. They average a height of 3 meters and have impossibly robust musculature. They are feared by all; their tribes destroy and enslave everything they see.

#Ogres: They became extinct during the Black Century, although now the few that remain roam the bone deserts as five-meter-tall, half-rotten undead, devouring and crushing anything they find, trying to recover their long-lost souls.

#Humans, now Darkin: were the first race to rebel against the divine order, out of greed, ambition, arrogance, malice and an insatiable desire for blood, they were driven almost to extinction during the Black Century, the few that survived did so as corrupt remnants of their predecessors, venetaring some sort of dark blood cults, with souls stained by pain and death, they became ugly creatures, with flaccid, blackish skin, sunken and afflicted eyes, blackened and pitted teeth with an average height of 1.6 meters, they do not stand out for strength but they are an extremely enduring race, although malice and cruelty surrounds their corroded hearts, they continue to fight, they continue to survive and with their dark cults and new deities of blood, pain and torture, they are gaining ground and their small tribes are somehow not erased by the surrounding monstrous magical mutants (Abyssalfolk, Goblins, Greenmaws, etc...).

#Kobolds, now Moltenkin: After the cataclysm, their stone cities, built into jungles, were turned into lava lakes by divine fury. The vegetation was burned until lush jungles became deserts of ash with lakes and rivers of lava. The kobolds, mutated by the pyrokinetic residue, transformed into the Moltenkin, taller and stronger than their predecessors, with an average height of two and a half meters, and skin with extremely hard amber scales. They devolved into animals, driven by instinct. They hunt in packs and inhabit the basins of lava rivers, which they easily navigate in search of prey, although they also inhabit the ash deserts.

#Dragons: They disappeared after the cataclysm of the Black Century; it is unknown if they were completely extinct.

#Elves, now Twistedfolk: they were a decadent race before the cataclysm, they had lost their discipline and spent most of their time in orgies and carnal acts of depravity, they barely survived the Black Century, but pleasure turned into obsession and pain into a beautiful symphony, their souls were the most corrupted among all creatures, they became thin, pale-skinned, with claws, teeth and eyes black as obsidian, they lost all hair, all bowed their knees before an archmage of corruption, she bacame some sort of godly figure, who founded a cult around biomancy, they venerate biomancy the art of aberrant manipulation of flesh, Twistedfolk are the only remaining race with enough technology to have some sort of organized tyranny similar to a proto-kingdom, they have small states among the ruins of ancient cities.

#Beastmen, now Plunderians: They were organized into hordes of nomadic warriors before the cataclysm. They had honor and respect for their enemies. During the Black Century, they were the shock force, manipulated by the other races, by will or perhaps luck. Some of them survived the cataclysm and became the Plunderians. Corrupted by war and violence, their souls impregnated with the essence of their fallen enemies, growing in size to an impressive three meters in average height. Their horns are now blackened, their fur shaggy, and their eyes burning with a brutal yellow glow. They now have four arms and usually carry immense bone axes. They maintain their social structure in nomadic hordes that loot, devour, and destroy everything they can, in the name of avenging the betrayal of the other races to their own during the Black Century.

#Harpies: They were almost extinct during the cataclysm, now they take refuge in the highest peaks of the forgotten mountains of the north, they have devolved until they became creatures of instinct, mere beasts seeking to survive, they don't have males of her own race, so they must kidnap males of the only compatible race to reproduce (Darkin males), although they still retain a sort of broken and very primitive language, they are organized in avian flocks, sometimes they raid Darkin villages to kidnap males and keep their own race alive.

#Dwarfs, now Brokenkin: the most prosperous, rich and advanced race before the cataclysm, they were the main weaponsmiths during the Black Century, their cities carved into mountains were impenetrable fortresses, but they fell under the fury of divine magic, leaving immense open-air craters where said urban centers once were, the caverns and passages of the dwarves became dead caves full of aberrations mutated by magical waste, the former great weapons workshops are now abandoned ruins deep in craters, hiding unstable relics capable of causing catastrophes if activated, almost no dwarves survived the Black Century, the few that remain do so in small communities, enslaved making crude weapons for other races such as the Greenmaws or Twistedfolk.
